Updated Molecules documentation. (#606)
StadGent/drupal_theme_gent-base: styleguide/components/31-molecules/figure/README.md

# Figure

## When to use this component

Use the figure component to present an image on a page.

## How it works

> The figure component wraps an image in a container and adds a caption for the image. This caption is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The figure component wraps an image in a container and adds the benefit of providing an optional caption tag.
```
